We also like to get Google custom fonts.
So let me close up some tabs here and let's open up the Google fonts.
Well that's right.
Google fonts.
Then let's open up the link and then within the Google funds we're looking for two funds we're looking
for later.
And Poppins.
So let me write it later is going to be the first one and then specifically for the year later I'm going
to customize a little bit and get also deal light one.
So like three hundred and regular 400 that should do it.
And then also let's look for Poppins.
Let's look for the Poppins.
Yes.
That's going to be our second font.
We're not going to customize this one at all.
So let's just look for embedding and then I'm going to go with import.
So let's grab this particular import copy and paste it and then what are we going to do.
Well we're going to head over to a style's first and foremost all the way on top.
We are in fact going to copy and paste it.
So now we imported our funds.
And then what I would like to do right now for the body is use both of them.
Just so I can have it right away.
And later on I can just copy paste it.
Now of course we're not going to use both of them for the body.
In fact we're going to use later for all the text and then for the headings we're going to use the Poppins.
But since we haven't set up any kind of rules for headings yet.
Well I'm just gonna go and copy and paste it and as we can clearly see we are using the Poppins.
OK.
When I said later on we're gonna set up everything for the later.
So the whole body is going to have later all the project but then our headings are going to have the
Poppins font family.